// For more info visit https://faq.ftb.world/books/ftb-utilities/page/ranks

// FakeForgePlayer
[069be1413c1b45c3b3b160d3f9fcd236]
parent: vip
example.permission_with_value: 150

ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: true
ftbutilities.homes.max: 5
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.back.back: true
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.back.home: true
ftbutilities.back.infinite: true
ftbutilities.back.respawn: true
ftbutilities.back.rtp: true
ftbutilities.back.spawn: true
ftbutilities.back.tpa: true
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.back.warp: true
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.tpa.cross_dim: true
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 3s
ftbutilities.warps.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.warps.warmup: 3s